Were continued to make really good progress inside site application users can enter some names some
phone number and a shift in here.
All we do now is take those little pieces of data and save it over to firebase whenever a user presses
the create button down here.
Now I bet you know what's going to come next.
We're going to create an event handler on the button whenever it is pressed we will call an action creator
and this action creator will attempt to save our data the firebase if it is successful we will navigate
the user back to the employee list screen.
Give me a roadmap here.
So we're going to hook up the button make the action create or save the record and then navigate back
to the employee list screen where the user can then see their new employee pop up on the list.
So it's going to be a little bit of a chunk of work.
So let's get right down to it.
The first thing we'll do inside of our employee create component.
We're going to find that button and we're going to wire up an event handler on it.
It's going to scroll down to our button and we'll put on here on Press and we'll have this call a helper
method that we're going to create in just a second which we'll call on button press on because it is
a callback is going to make reference to this.
We're going to make sure to bind the context then we'll scroll back up to the top and define on button
press.
Now inside if we do not yet have an action create or to call we haven't really made anything to save
or create employees anything like that.
I'm just going to assume that we're going to make an action crater called something like you know let's
call it employee create all that's going to be the name of our action creator.
So I'm going to assume that we're going to call employee create with our name phone number and shift
time.
So I'm going to take my name phone and shift out of our prop's object.
And then I will call this action creator that we will make in just a second called employee creates
and I'm going to pass it an object that contains the name phone and shift.
OK so this looks good so far.
Let's make that action creator and then hook it up to this component.
I'm going to open up my employee actions file.
So inside my actions director and a fine employee actions member this is we're going to locate all the
action creators having to do with employees in any way shape or form and we'll create the action creator
so say expert Konst employee create and we're going to receive an object that contains a name a phone
and a shift
all right I'm going to flip back to our component and just immediately hook up this action creator because
it usually ends up being the one thing that I forget to do all the time.
So back inside of our employed create component we will import employee create from our actions file
and then we will pass this down at the Kinect handler at the very bottom of this file.
So scroll down to the bottom find my connect helper and this line is getting a little bit long so I
think I'm going to newline it and I'll pass an employee create.
So now my component has access to the action creator as this props Propst employee create and then is
exactly how we used it inside of our on button press handler right here now whenever we use add in any
info here send off to the action Krater just to make sure that we're going down the right path.
I'm going to add an action creator inside or excuse me I going out a console log inside the action creator
just to console log the value of name phone and shift or log the stuffier make sure that we're going
down the right path.
So I'm going to refresh the simulator now.
And we're just going to confirm that we are like doing the right thing.
I'll bring up my debugger.
Here's my debugger so we can see the console log.
And then I'll say test at test dot com password.
You log in with some good credentials.
And now when I get to the form I'm going to do something very pretty.
I'm not going to touch anything here just yet.
OK I'm going to enter only a name of Jane
and a phone number.
I am not going to touch shift.
So you'll notice that I did not touch that shift picker at all.
I didn't spin it around I didn't do a single darn thing.
Let's create now and see what happens.
So I get a big red error message here which is totally fine.
It says actions must be plane objects.
The action career that we just created is not actually returning an action.
And so redux is complaining about that.
That's totally fine.
Totally what I expected but I want to point something out to you above those air messages that we got
right here.
We got on the log and you'll see that we have a console log with Jane which is the name the five five
five phone number.
But then there is no shift being logged here.
All right.
Let's flip back over to employee create I am con. logging shift but it appears that shift just didn't
get logged at all.
And what this actually means is that shift is undefined.
Shift is undefined here.
So clearly there is something funky going on with that picture something isn't quite behaving the way
we expect.
We are not getting a shift assigned in our reducer.
So let's take a quick break and then come back and do a little bit of trouble shooting and try to figure
out why this shift is ending up as undefined right here.